Update docs to recommend subdir (#1602)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/kb/semgrep-ci/scan-monorepo-in-parts.md

When scanning a repo with Semgrep in CI, the base command is `semgrep ci`. To understand this default setup for your source code manager (SCM) and CI provider, see [Getting started with Semgrep in continuous integration (CI)](/deployment/add-semgrep-to-ci).

> There are two tools provided to split up a repo. Consider a monorepo named `monorepo` with four main modules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two features provided by Semgrep to split up a repo. Consider a monorepo named `monorepo` with four main modules
```

Does this refer to the --subdir flag and the SEMGREP_REPO_DISPLAY_NAMES env variable?

Author: It's referring to `--subdir` and the `--include + SEMGREP_REPO_DISPLAY_NAME` combination!

    /src/moduleA
    /src/moduleB
    /src/moduleC
    /src/moduleD

The easiest way to split this monorepo up is into four separate scans, one for each module. To do this, use the `--subdir` (see `semgrep ci --help`) flag with the relevant path to only scan files in that module's code path:

    semgrep ci --subdir /src/moduleA/*

> In addition to scanning `/src/moduleA/*`, this will send the results to a project called `monorepo/src/moduleA`. If you want to change the project name, just set the `SEMGREP_REPO_DISPLAY_NAME` environment variable, available since Semgrep version 1.61.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to scanning `/src/moduleA/*`, this command sends the results to a project called `monorepo/src/moduleA`. If you want to change the project name, set the `SEMGREP_REPO_DISPLAY_NAME` environment variable, available since Semgrep version 1.61.1.
```

For example:

    SEMGREP_REPO_DISPLAY_NAME=monorepo/moduleA semgrep ci --subdir /src/moduleA/*

> It is important that two scans of different versions never have the same `SEMGREP_REPO_DISPLAY_NAMES`. This is not only necessary to ensure findings have a consistent status, but also helpful so that developers and security engineers can have a clearer understanding of which findings pertain to the module that they are responsible for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important that scans of different versions never have the same `SEMGREP_REPO_DISPLAY_NAMES`. This is necessary to ensure findings have a consistent status and is helpful for developers and security engineers to understand which findings pertain to the module that they are responsible for.
```

To scan the entire monorepo, trigger one scan for each module.

:::info

> Only ever change `SEMGREP_REPO_DISPLAY_NAME`. Ensure that `SEMGREP_REPO_NAME` is still properly set (either automatically if using a [supported SCM and CI provider](/docs/semgrep-ci/sample-ci-configs#feature-support) or [explicitly](/docs/semgrep-ci/ci-environment-variables#semgrep_repo_name)) as with any Semgrep scan, in order to retain hyperlink and PR/MR comment functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must only change `SEMGREP_REPO_DISPLAY_NAME`. Ensure that `SEMGREP_REPO_NAME` is still properly set (either automatically if using a [supported SCM and CI provider](/docs/semgrep-ci/sample-ci-configs#feature-support) or [explicitly](/docs/semgrep-ci/ci-environment-variables#semgrep_repo_name)) as with any Semgrep scan, in order to retain hyperlink and PR/MR comment functionality.
```

:::

> `--subdir` only takes a single folder. If you want to scan multiple folders as part of one scan, you will have to instead use `--include` and `--exclude` ([see CLI reference](/docs/cli-reference)) to instruct Semgrep what paths to include. This will perform file targeting across the whole monorepo. but will only analyze the included files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--subdir` flag takes, as input, only a single folder. If you want to scan multiple folders as part of one scan, you will have to use `--include` and `--exclude` ([see CLI reference](/docs/cli-reference)) to instruct Semgrep what paths to include. This performs file targeting across the whole monorepo. but only analyzes the included files.
```

Unlike `--subdir`, `--include` and `--exclude` don't automatically direct results to a corresponding project, so you always have to set `SEMGREP_REPO_DISPLAY_NAME`.

:::info
WARNING: if `--include` and `--exclude` are used in a `semgrep ci` scan without setting `SEMGREP_REPO_DISPLAY_NAME`, `semgrep ci` might close findings that aren't detected in those scans.
:::

> Here's an example using `--include`.

Reviewer: I'd suggest moving this example to just above the section starting on line 49.
